Let me down!
What do you want?
Let me go!
How does it feel to be on it?
What do you want to do?
Playing your favorite game, of course!
Uh-huh.
Put it down
Let society have three long and two short
I encourage you to take away your poverty
When my daughter begged you
Why don't you put him down?
Can that dead look compare to Ben Shao?
I am the young master of the Zhao family
I'm putting it down
Qinghong, since he wants to come down so much
Satisfy him
By the way, the person who knows the current affairs is Junjie
You put me down now
I might spare your life
Why do you want to come down so badly?
I want others to satisfy you.
Stinky woman, how dare you play with me
I want you all to be buried with me
Uh-huh.
Little seeds put me down
I'll kill you. Relax.
You played a game with Chu Yan just now
Now I'll play a game with you.